I said I smashed your house
I stepped on your face and you still dare not do it
Cut a coward
Zhao Xueliang, you bastard
Xiaoxian Xiaoxian, don't be impulsive
Listen to me. They're trying to provoke you
And we're not right about this.
Even if you did, we wouldn't care.
Don't do it
In their trickery
Waste is waste
They were all ridden on their heads and didn't dare to squeak
Boring to go
Go back and catch
Mr. Zhao
People are doing it and the sky is watching
Sooner or later there will be a rainstorm
Rainstorm hahaha
I'm so scared
I tell you in front of you
In this village
Zhao Xianliang is Heaven
Want me to be punished
Just you trash
Save it. You're coming with me
Xiaoxian, why don't we move out?
Leave Shanshui Village
Zhao Xueliang has bullied us to such an extent
Let's go
I, Ye Xian, can't lift my head all my life
But don't worry.
I'm not impulsive
He bullies you.
Bullying my Ye family
This consequence
I want to know how much it costs
Xiaoxian, what are you going to do?
Under welcome
related